once the chicken pieces have been
browned I'm going to take them out of
the pan you see they're nicely browned
on both sides and I'm going to take them
and put them in a bowl the fat as you
can see inside here is very hot and into
this hot fat I'm going to put in garlic
these are five cloves of very finely
chopped garlic stir the garlic around
until it gets brown garlic has a very
different taste when it's put in raw
into say a stew or a soup and a quite a
different taste when it's browned and
it's this fried taste that we want from
the garlic once the pieces are brown I'm
going to put in some ginger I showed you
the ginger earlier this is to one inch
cubes of peeled ginger that have been
made into a paste with four tablespoons
of water as you can see now the garlic
has begun to Brown to order a stove in
round one and here are the seven ounces
of very finely chopped fresh coriander
all that goes in as you can see there's
a lot of it but you need it all
stir it around
then there are several spices that go
into the dish I have one green chili
over here which I showed you earlier
have taken the seeds out there is a
quarter teaspoon of cayenne these are
the two hot ingredients in the dish if
you want the dish next hot then you can
put lips of the cayenne and less of the
green chili as you want there are two
teaspoons of ground cumin 1 teaspoon of
ground coriander half a teaspoon of
turmeric and 1 teaspoon of salt now if
you can't remember all these ingredients
they're all in the book which
accompanies the series so don't worry
too much about it all this goes in stir
this around for a little while
mix it up then put back all the chicken
pieces if there are any juices that have
accumulated in the pot put them in as
well
yeah this
and then I'm going to put in five fluid
ounces of water and now for the lemony
part two tablespoons of lemon juice stir
and mix it this green sauce is going to
cling to the chicken pieces and smother
them really then cover it turn the heat
down to low and this will simmer for 15
minutes after 15 minutes to turn the
chicken pieces over you want the both
sides of the chicken to be smothered by
the sauce so you turn the chicken pieces
over and cover again and then cook for
another 15 minutes so the total cooking
time is about half an hour until the
chicken is done when the chicken has
been caught it looks like this as you
can see there's a nice thick sauce at
the bottom and it clings to the chicken
on all sides so this is lemony chicken
with fresh coriander